Update Sidekiq integration docs (#12598)
DataDog/integrations-core: sidekiq/README.md

           tags:
             worker: "$1"
    ```
    

>     These parameters can also be set by adding the 'DD_DOGSTATSD_MAPPER_PROFILES' environment variable to the Datadog Agent. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These parameters can also be set by adding the `DD_DOGSTATSD_MAPPER_PROFILES` environment variable to the Datadog Agent. 
```
